Last Lecture 
During the Last Lecture video I found myself relating to the speaker’s stories of how his childhood dreams never did really come true. Things like how he could never experience zero gravity at NASA because of his glasses and how he never made it pro in football. I think about how as we grow up as people we have these grand dreams to reach and in the end only a small amount people on the planet ever reach their goals. But, even a smaller fraction of that are ever happy with where they ended up on that dream. I feel as if you grow up, your dreams start to become either your reality or an afterthought considering where it can take you in life, as people really push for you to have a dream where you can support yourself. But, does that really bring happiness. 
Dreams that you want to reach are very hard to get away from as they probably have been stuck up in your head since you were a child. Reality sadly bring those dreams to a garbage fire as people will say “that will never happen for you,” or “will you be able to support yourself with a job like that.” It’s almost like childhood dreams are meant to keep you going until you reach a point where they no longer matter. This where you have to choose to continue chasing a dream that has no end or find a new passion. With this choice however I feel it can lead you on many different paths, because as people we end in jobs or situations we have no control over but somehow find the best out of it. This is much like how the speaker ended doing things for VR, which is way different from his initial dreams. 
I think childhood dreams are important but as we grow up, we have to realize if it is going to bring us happiness or is going to have us be stuck in a life we don’t want. Dreams are dreams for a reason. They stay up in your head, almost like an afterthought. But thinking about that is sad considering childhood dreams are what build a foundation on where we plan to go in life. Like in the video however, many childhood dreams can be decfeated after trial and error until you find the dream that can actually become a reality. Personally, If a childhood dream is reachable, there should be no reason why you can’t go after it. There should reallt be no wrong way to achieve your lifelong goals you set for yourself at a young age. Childhood dreams may not come true in the end but there should be norhyme or reason on whay you shouldn’t at least try and see where those dreams lead. Because in the end you never what you could achieve when you try to make them your reality. 






